README.md, before:

# Microservice Call

The `MicroService Call` module allows the communication between services.

## Installation

```
npm install @janiscommerce/microservice-call
```

## Configuration

`MicroService Call` uses `Router Fetcher` check its configuration [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@janiscommerce/router-fetcher)

## API

* `new MicroServiceCall(serviceName, serviceSecret)`

	MicroServiceCall Constructs.

	Receives optional `serviceName` and `serviceSecret` strings. It they are not passed, it uses `JANIS_SERVICE_NAME` and `JANIS_SERVICE_SECRET` env variables

* `get(service, namespace, method, requestData, requestHeaders, endpointParameters)`

	Make a `GET` request to an microservice.

	Returns a `Promise` of `MicroServiceCallResponse`.

* `post(service, namespace, method, requestData, requestHeaders, endpointParameters)`

	Make a `POST` request to an microservice.

	Returns a `Promise` of `MicroServiceCallResponse`.

* `put(service, namespace, method, requestData, requestHeaders, endpointParameters)`

	Make a `PUT` request to an microservice.

	Returns a `Promise` of `MicroServiceCallResponse`.

* `patch(service, namespace, method, requestData, requestHeaders, endpointParameters)`

	Make a `DELETE` request to an microservice.

	Returns a `Promise` of `MicroServiceCallResponse`.

## Parameters

The Parameters used in the API functions.

* `service`
	* type: `String`
	* The name of the microservice.
* `namespace`
	* type: `String`
	* The namespace of the microservice.
* `method`
	* type: `String`
	* The method of microservice.
* `requestData`
	* type: `Object`
	* The data that will send
* `requestHeaders`
	* type: `Object`
	* The headers of the request as key-value
* `endpointParameters`
	* type: `Object`
	* A key-value mapping between endpoint path variables and their replace value

## Response Object

Response of Microservices

* `MicroServiceCallResponse`:
	type: `Object`

	* `statusCode`:
		* type: `Number`
		* The status code of the response.
	* `statusMessage`:
		* type: `String`
		* The status message of the response.
	* `headers`:
		* type: `Object`
		* The headers of the response.
	* `body`:
		* type: `Object` or `String` (if it's "")
		* The body of the response

## Errors

The errors are informed with a `MicroServiceCallError`.

* `MicroServiceCallError`:
	* `code`:
		* type: `Number`
		* The status code of the error.
	* `message`:
		* type: `String`
		* The message of the error.
	* `name`:
		* type: `String`
		* The name of the Error

### Codes

The codes are the following:

| Code | Description |
|-----|-----------------------------|
| 1 | Invalid Api Key Path |
| 2 | Microservice Failed |
| 3 | Request Library Errors |

## Usage

```javascript
const MicroServiceCall = require('@janiscommerce/microservice-call');

const ms = new MicroServiceCall();

// Make a GET request to ms "sac" with the namespace "claim-type" and method "list".
try {
	const response = await ms.get('sac', 'claim-type', 'list', null, null, {
		foo: 'value-1',
		bar: 'value-2'
	});
	/*
		Response example
		{
			headers: {}, // The headers of the response.
			statusCode: 200,
			statusMessage: 'Ok',
			body: [{ foo: 'bar' }]
		}
	*/

} catch(err){
	/*
		Error Response Example:
		{
			name: 'MicroServiceCallError'
			message: 'Could not find Microservice',
			code: 2
		}
	*/

	// Do something
}
```

Commit message:

Cleanup + Session injection for client and user headers

README.md, after:

# Microservice Call

The `MicroService Call` module allows the communication between services.

## Installation

```
npm install @janiscommerce/microservice-call
```

## Configuration

`MicroService Call` uses `Router Fetcher` check its configuration [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@janiscommerce/router-fetcher)

## Session
If an [API Session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@janiscommerce/api-session) is injected, it will inject `janis-client` and `x-janis-user` headers when possible.

## Authentication
It will automatically inject the `janis-api-key` and `janis-api-secret` if `JANIS_SERVICE_NAME` and `JANIS_SERVICE_SECRET` environment variables are set.

## API

* `get(service, namespace, method, requestData, requestHeaders, endpointParameters)`

	Make a `GET` request to an microservice.

	Returns a `Promise` of `MicroServiceCallResponse`.

* `post(service, namespace, method, requestData, requestHeaders, endpointParameters)`

	Make a `POST` request to an microservice.

	Returns a `Promise` of `MicroServiceCallResponse`.

* `put(service, namespace, method, requestData, requestHeaders, endpointParameters)`

	Make a `PUT` request to an microservice.

	Returns a `Promise` of `MicroServiceCallResponse`.

* `patch(service, namespace, method, requestData, requestHeaders, endpointParameters)`

	Make a `DELETE` request to an microservice.

	Returns a `Promise` of `MicroServiceCallResponse`.

## Parameters

The Parameters used in the API functions.

* `service`
	* type: `String`
	* The name of the microservice.
* `namespace`
	* type: `String`
	* The namespace of the microservice.
* `method`
	* type: `String`
	* The method of microservice.
* `requestData`
	* type: `Object`
	* The data that will send
* `requestHeaders`
	* type: `Object`
	* The headers of the request as key-value
* `endpointParameters`
	* type: `Object`
	* A key-value mapping between endpoint path variables and their replace value

## Response Object

Response of Microservices

* `MicroServiceCallResponse`:
	type: `Object`

	* `statusCode`:
		* type: `Number`
		* The status code of the response.
	* `statusMessage`:
		* type: `String`
		* The status message of the response.
	* `headers`:
		* type: `Object`
		* The headers of the response.
	* `body`:
		* type: `Object` or `String` (if it's "")
		* The body of the response

## Errors

The errors are informed with a `MicroServiceCallError`.

* `MicroServiceCallError`:
	* `code`:
		* type: `Number`
		* The status code of the error.
	* `message`:
		* type: `String`
		* The message of the error.
	* `name`:
		* type: `String`
		* The name of the Error

### Codes

The codes are the following:

| Code | Description |
|-----|-----------------------------|
| 1 | Invalid Api Key Path |
| 2 | Microservice Failed |
| 3 | Request Library Errors |

## Usage

```javascript
const MicroServiceCall = require('@janiscommerce/microservice-call');

const ms = new MicroServiceCall();

// Make a GET request to ms "sac" with the namespace "claim-type" and method "list".
try {
	const response = await ms.get('sac', 'claim-type', 'list', null, null, {
		foo: 'value-1',
		bar: 'value-2'
	});
	/*
		Response example
		{
			headers: {}, // The headers of the response.
			statusCode: 200,
			statusMessage: 'Ok',
			body: [{ foo: 'bar' }]
		}
	*/

} catch(err){
	/*
		Error Response Example:
		{
			name: 'MicroServiceCallError'
			message: 'Could not find Microservice',
			code: 2
		}
	*/

	// Do something
}
```
